# 13_Reverse_Engineering

# Tutorial for Files is as follows:

## Config
### Middleware--isAuthenticated.js:
* If a user is not logged in it restricts a user back to the login page OR if the user is logged in they may continue with the request to the restricted route
### Config.json: 
* configure sequelize to connect to the server
### Passport.js: 
* Instructs passport we want to use a Local Strategy (login with an email and password). The code does not let a user move on until there is an email and correct password. Sequelize serializes and deserializes the user and then exports the passport.

## Models
## Index.js: 
* This code is generated by sequelize. This code imports all the javascript files from the same directory as index.js. Then the code runs each model’s associate function if it exists making sure that all the files contain sequelize models and the return value from the import is mapped on db. Basically this file connects to the database and imports the user input.
## User.js: 
* Inserts user info using sequelize. 

# Public
## JS
### Login.js: 
* Gets references to form and inputs validates there is an email and password entered, If that is validated runs function to log in user and clears the form
Function posts to api/login route and if successful redirects to members page or logs the error
## Members.js:
* Does a GET request to figure out which user is logged in and renders on to the HTML page
## Signup.js:
* Gets references to form and input
* Validates email and password once signup button is clicked
* Signs user up if requirements are met
* Does a POST to the signup route. If successful redirects to members page and otherwise they log any errors

# Routes
## API-routes.js: 
* Route GET and POST from and to the database. Route for signing up a user, Route for logging user out, Route for getting some data about user to be used on client side
## Html-routes.js: 
* Does a routes check for HTML file

## Package.json:
* contains package information, author, license, dependencies, debugger etc. 

## Server.js:

* Import and initialize passport.
* Require necessary npm packages
* Set up PORT and requires models for syncing
* Create express app and configures middleware
* Use sessions to keep track of user data
* Require html-routes.
* Sync database and log message to user once it is successful.
